I added more explanations to the example/readme file. (#2027)
django-commons/django-debug-toolbar: example/README.rst

How to
------

> The example project requires a working installation of the required packages::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example project requires a working installation of Django and a few other packages::
```
